KOGITO-9749: add addons deps to workflows to interact with external d… (#471)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/data-index/data-index-service.adoc

. Provide the database connection properties, to allow data index store the indexed data. {data_index_ref} service does not initialize its database schema automatically. To initialize the database schema, you need to enable Flyway migration by setting QUARKUS_FLYWAY_MIGRATE_AT_START=true.
. Define the `KOGITO_DATA_INDEX_QUARKUS_PROFILE` to set the way that the events will be connected (by default: `kafka-event-support`).

[NOTE]
====

> It is needed to prepare the {product_name} workflow to support the full communication with an external {data_index_ref} service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must prepare the {product_name} workflow to support the full communication with an external {data_index_ref} service.
```

. Provide the database connection properties, to allow data index store the indexed data. {data_index_ref} service does not initialize its database schema automatically. To initialize the database schema, you need to enable Flyway migration by setting QUARKUS_FLYWAY_MIGRATE_AT_START=true.
. Define the `KOGITO_DATA_INDEX_QUARKUS_PROFILE` to set the way that the events will be connected (by default: `kafka-event-support`).

[NOTE]
====
It is needed to prepare the {product_name} workflow to support the full communication with an external {data_index_ref} service.
For this purpose, it is important to make sure the following addons are included:

.{product_name} workflow addon dependencies to support the connection with external {data_index_ref}
[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.kie.kogito</groupId>
  <artifactId>kogito-addons-quarkus-events-process</artifactId> <1>
</dependency>
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.kie.kogito</groupId>
  <artifactId>kogito-addons-quarkus-process-management</artifactId> <2>
</dependency>

> <dependency>
>   <groupId>org.kie.kogito</groupId>
>   <artifactId>kogito-addons-quarkus-source-files</artifactId> <3>
> </dependency>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

We can remove this, as it's needed only for the management console. Sorry, I know that I'm adding for my JIRA, but it's unrelated.

----

<1> Allows the workflow to send the events that can be consumed by the {data_index_ref} service.
<2> Creates the endpoints that allow management operations on {workflow_instances}.

> <3> Exposes the workflow definition sources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
